docs(Installation): update installation steps (#1257)
kubescape/kubescape: docs/providers/armo.md

<img src="armo-powered-by-kubescape-logo-grey.svg" width="25%" height="25%" align="right">

[ARMO Platform](https://cloud.armosec.io/account/sign-up?utm_source=ARMOgithub&utm_medium=ARMOcli) is an enterprise solution based on Kubescape. It’s a multi-cloud and multi-cluster Kubernetes and CI/CD security platform with a single pane of glass, Including Kubernetes hardening and compliance, misconfiguration and container images’ vulnerabilities scanning and remediation, RBAC investigator, and more.

## Connect Kubescape to ARMO Platform

1. Install Kubescape
    ```
    curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubescape/kubescape/master/install.sh | /bin/bash
    ```
    > Alternatively, you can [install Kubescape using package managers](../installation.md#installation)

2. Scan Kubescape with the `--create-account` flag
    ```
    kubescape scan --create-account
    ```

The scan results will be submitted to the ARMO Platform.

> **Using the link printed at the end of the scan, sign up for the ARMO platform (for free) and see the scanning results**
> 
> Here is an example of the results you will see:
> ![compliance](compliance.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Using the link printed at the end of the scan, sign up for the ARMO Platform — for free — and see your scan results.

![compliance](compliance.png)
```
